---
id: 679862
title: 'National flag of Karakalpakstan'
description: 'The national flag of Karakalpakstan'
---

# National flag of Karakalpakstan

The Law "On the State Flag of the Republic of Karakalpakstan" was adopted on December 14, 1992 at the XI session of the Supreme Soviet of the Republic of Karakalpakstan.

The State Flag of the Republic of Karakalpakstan means that the Republic of Karakalpakstan is a sovereign state.

The National Flag of the Republic of Karakalpakstan is blue, yellow and green, with yellow and white corridors in the center.

The blue color of the flag is the eternal symbol of spring youth - water. The yellow color indicates that a large part of the territory of Karakalpakstan consists of deserts. Green is a symbol of nature’s renewal, spiritual rejuvenation, confidence, and the sun. While the month of birth on the flag is a sacred symbol of Muslims, the image of the five stars is a symbol of the five ancient and modern cities of Karakalpakstan - the strongholds of life and trust of the people of Karakalpakstan. The State Flag of the Republic of Karakalpakstan introduces the Republic of Karakalpakstan to the world during official trips of official representatives of the Republic of Karakalpakstan, international conferences, exhibitions and sports games. The national flag of the Republic of Karakalpakstan is equal to the flags of other countries in the international arena.

Citizens of the Republic of Karakalpakstan and other people living here must respect the State Flag of the Republic of Karakalpakstan.
