---
id: 934080
title: 'Center of information technologies'
category: 'Branch'
subCategory: 'Center and Divisions'
description: 'Center of information technologies of our branch'
---

# Center of information technologies

In the decree of the First President of the Republic of Uzbekistan dated April 28, 2008 No. PK-845 "on measures to organize the Nukus branch of the Uzbek Institute of Folk Art", it was noted that "the development of the original art and culture of the Karakalpak people, the education of tolerant youth in the spirit of high standards of national and world art, comprehensive support and education on this basis of their creative abilities and passions, the creation of, In accordance with the decree of the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan dated June 4, 2012 No. PK-1771 "On the establishment of the State Institute of Arts and Culture of Uzbekistan", the branch was reorganized into the Nukus branch of the Uzbek State Institute of Arts and Culture.
The Information Technology Center operates in accordance with the legislation of the Republic of Uzbekistan ; regulations of ministries and higher organizations; rules and standards of labor safety, electrical safety, fire safety ; the charter of the Institute; rules developed by the Information Technology Center ; orders and expectations of the Director of the Institute.
Specify the tasks for the organization of the computer and information infrastructure of the Institute, the introduction of information technologies and distance learning systems in the educational process as a strategic direction that determines the activities of the Information Technology Center.
 
The message was attached to 3 States in the technology center,
The head of the department is a Bachelor of Service Engineering and Technology of the Nukus branch of the Tashkent Institute of Information Technologies-Kazbek Tadjibayev Maratovich.
Software engineer-Bachelor in the direction of "Software Engineering" of the Nukus branch of the Tashkent Institute of Information Technologies Turganbayev Sharyar Bakhtiyarovich.
Swag security bachelor Tashkent state technical University named after Abu Raihana Beruni dzhumabaev of Polatbek of Mosambiik.

Currently, more than 200 modern computers installed in the building of the Institute are managed using special equipment 1-server. All computers are connected to the institute's local system. With the help of a local system, computers can freely connect to the Internet.
Employees of the Information Technology Center provide technical support for the information and communication system, which is part of the educational and management process of the Institute, and ensure a consistent, original organization of this process. With the participation of specialists of the Information Technology Center, the process of automating the activities of the information resource center is carried out. Educational tools prepared by the faculty of the Institute will be placed on the educational portal Zıenet with the help of the Information Technology Center. The Institute's website has also been developed by the staff of the Information Technology Center and is currently published on a weekly basis


Currently, the specialists of the Information Technology Center together with the Ministry of Higher and Secondary Special Education are working on the automation of the institute's documentation system and the introduction of distance learning technologies into the educational process [http://uzdsminf.edu.uz](http://uzdsminf.edu.uz) developed and supplemented with resource materials of the teaching staff.

together with the Ministry of Higher and Secondary Special Education to further enrich the education system [http://hemis.uzdsmi-nf.uz](http://hemis.uzdsmi-nf.uz) a database has been developed where you can find all the information related to the branch. Student youth [http://student.uzdsmi-nf.uz/](http://student.uzdsmi-nf.uz/) the database is developed and is currently fully loaded.
